feat: consider environment variables (#57)
camptocamp/pytest-odoo: README.rst

* ``--odoo-log-level``: log level as expected by odoo. As time of writing: info, debug_rpc, warn, test, critical, debug_sql, error, debug, debug_rpc_answer. The default is critical to have a clean output.
* ``--odoo-config``: path of the odoo.cfg file to use.

Alternatively, you can use environment variables, like the Odoo Docker image:

* ``HOST``: hostname of the database server
* ``PORT``: port of the database server
* ``USER``: username to access the database
* ``PASSWORD``: password to access the database

These only work in addition to ``--odoo-database``.

> For backwards compatibility reasons, you can use the ``OPENERP_SERVER`` environment variable using an odoo configuration file, containing at least the ``database`` option with the name of the database to test::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ``ODOO_RC`` environment variable using an odoo configuration file, containing at least the ``database`` option with the name of the database to test::
```
The "backward compat" is only for `OPENERP_SERVER` but IMO we can drop it now...
